This directory contains the raw data for 22 users. The data is divided into two streams.
The first stream contains the motion sensor data (Accelerometer + Gyroscope) and the second
stream contains the stretch sensor data. The data is divided into two files since the sampling frequencies
of the sensors are different. 
The motion sensor is mounted on the right ankle of the user while the stretch sensor is placed
at the knee. More details are available at:

Bhat, Ganapati, et al. "Online human activity recognition using low-power wearable devices."
Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design. ACM, 2018.

Note that the raw data files have been synchronized in time such that they can be used
directly for feature generation and classification.

The files contain the raw data of experiments for each user. The experiments are uniquly identified
by the (user id, scenario, and trial). User id is a unique identifier for each user. The scenario
defines the specific scenario under which the experiment was performed. Finally, the trial defines
the trial number for the (user, scenario) pair. This is true for both the files in the data set. 

Explanations for each column of the data set are below:
Motion sensor data:
Time: The timestamp of the sensor data in seconds. This value starts from zero for each experiment
User: User id of the current experiment
Scenario: Scenario used for the current experiment
Trial: Trial number for the current user and scenario
Ax: Value of the acceleration in the forward direction in units of g
Ay: Value of the acceleration in the downward direction in units of g
Az: Value of the acceleration in the lateral direction in units of g
Gx: Value of rotation in the forward direcction in units of rad/s
Gy: Value of rotation in the downward direcction in units of rad/s
Gz: Value of rotation in the lateral direcction in units of rad/s

Stretch sensor data:
Time: The timestamp of the sensor data in seconds. This value starts from zero for each experiment
User: User id of the current experiment
Scenario: Scenario used for the current experiment
Trial: Trial number for the current user and scenario
Stretch value: Value of the capacitive stretch sensor in pF


For questions and comments please email Ganapati Bhat at gmbhat[at]asu[at]edu
